So the timeline I'm going to tell you the detail of what the Lord showed me when he came to me as a massive, fiery light, and the light was so bright.
It literally felt like my spiritual eyes—my whole body—was melting.
I literally said, "Lord, if you don't take and dim the light down and do something, I feel like it's going to kill me, like it's going to burn me up.
" And all of a sudden, because he knew it, he was so intense.
And I'm telling you, in any intensity, I've never seen anything like this before in my life.
He took something and he shielded himself.
It was like a shield, and all of the light that was shining upon my face where it felt like it was blinding me, it came out the side of the shield.
The light was still going, but it was being shaded and I could see up in it.
And all of a sudden, a massive dove comes out of it with its wings flapping and an olive branch.
It came over the top of me and the glory of the Lord filled me.
And all of a sudden he said, "Brandon, I want to show you the time frame of humanity from the beginning of creation to where we are right now.
" And he showed me a thin line; it looked like a thread that went through the spans of humanity.
It went from the beginning all the way to where we are.
He divided it by thousand-year increments.
It went 1,000 years, 2,000 years, 3,000 years, 4,000 years, 5,000 years, 6,000 years, and that's where we were.
And then he divided it again into these little blocks.
So you could take a piece of paper and divide it out into a thousand, and then he divided in between those thousands by hundreds, and then he divided it by tens.
So for each year, I could see faces.
But I just want to say this: from the beginning of time, the dead in Christ—all of the believers that are in the dirt—it looked to me like there were millions of them.
I could see their bones in the first couple layers of soil around the whole earth.
There were skulls, hands, and legs; the bones of the believers were still in the dirt like fossilized remains.
And they were looking in the spirit realm up toward the Father.
The bones were a representation.
I know "to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord," that's what the Bible says.
But it was like they were looking up in the spirit realm waiting for the "dead in Christ will rise first.
" And I could see the anticipation in the earth waiting for the Son of Man to come at the rapture of the church, waiting for the coming of the Lord.
The ground was anticipating.
The bones were anticipating, kind of like "Can these bones live?
" like it talks about in the Bible.
The bones were anticipating the glory, and there was an atmosphere of acceleration and excitement in the bones.
I don't know how; it's just what I saw.
So he said, "I want to—" and this was something I did not want to skip.
That was so important for you all to hear this: the dead in Christ are going to rise first and we are going to be all caught up with him.
Watch what is about to happen, folks.
I am so excited about it.
Jesus is coming!
It's so exciting.
People have talked about this for generations and we're right there.
The Lord even told me, "Brandon, I told you there will be a generation that will not taste death and you are that generation.
You will be that generation that does not taste death.
" Wow.
That's you!
You're still here.
I believe there's a remnant of you.
I know there's probably some elderly people that'll probably go home, but I'm telling you, there is a generation that will not taste death.
We will be the ones that are caught up.
Glory to God!
And we will see the soon return of our King.
So whenever he took me on the timeline and he took me by year, it was like he could fast forward it on a DVD player or a VCR.
I know people don't use VCRs now, but like a recorder where you could speed it up, and I could see the years panning out, moving really fast in front of my face like building Legos.
In each one, I could see the faces of the people that were ruling in that time going back.
But he starts it out speaking the world into existence.
And whenever he spoke the earth, I saw the earth come right before me like a ball of clay.
A massive brown ball of clay came right in front of me whenever he spoke it into existence.
And it was without form and void, right?
And darkness was on the face of the deep.
It all happened right in front of my face.
And he's allowing me to see it in the timeline.
And it's a ball of clay.
It was a massive brown and red ball of clay.
And when he spoke to it, it started to form.
But there were no continents.
It was all one big landmass in one area.
There wasn't like South America, North America, Asia, and all this; it was just one big thing.
And I don't know how it all was divided, whether it was Noah's flood or whatever—which I believe was Noah's flood that caused all this land to be divided and to create different continents.
But when it first started, it was a garden—a massive garden area.
So then he takes me to the garden and I see Adam and he is ripped.
He is not a plump looking dude like me.
I'm still working on it.
He has muscles and he has a black-looking beard and he's olive-skinned.
I only saw his backside with the glory around him.
He had no clothes on in the natural; he had a glory around him.
But he had black hair and it went into his beard, and his black beard was perfect.
The way he looked was amazing.
His arms were ripped.
He did not look deteriorated like how we look worn down.
A lot of people's bodies look worn down.
His body was not dead.
There was no death.
So he had no death around him.
His body was fit and he looked good.
Like seriously, there was no decay until—and I'm looking at it now and I've thought about it all these days—there was no decay on him.
He was not dying.
That did not happen until after they bit the fruit.
He was in a body that renewed itself and it was perfect.
So he was there and he was communicating to this big lizard-like looking dinosaur thing that was like a Jurassic Park massive long-neck looking dinosaur and he was communicating to this dinosaur.
I could see him pointing his finger at this dinosaur and the dinosaur was looking down and was understanding what he was saying.
Kind of like how we talk to our dogs or our cats or whatever.
He was communicating to this massive dinosaur and it was looking down at him.
And people say, "Well, I didn't think prehistoric ages were in the earth at that time or whatever, and dinosaurs and T-Rexes and all that stuff.
" Well, this lizard thing was—and I did not see any other dinosaurs.
I just saw one thing—and that dinosaur was bending down and he was eating grass and leaves off the trees.
But I noticed this: there was no death in the garden of trees.
The trees were not deteriorating with old dead limbs.
The leaves were not turning any kind of dead-looking colors.
They were all perfect.
There was nothing dying at all in the garden.
Everything was amazing.
The trees were not like these little—we have trees where we go, "Wow, those are big trees.
" No, these trees that I saw in the garden, you couldn't put your arms around them.
They were ginormous trees, and they were huge.
They went so high up.
They were not like the little trees that we see now; if they're 50 stories high, they're massive.
A redwood is huge—that's the biggest tree we know—but these trees were so huge, and there was no death in them.
All the grass and the foliage was just beautiful.
But this is what I noticed the most in this part of the vision that the Lord allowed me to see: the sky was alive.
The atmosphere of the earth was alive, and it had a vibration to it; it was vibrating.
I could feel it in the spirit when I was looking into it.
What the Lord allowed me to feel was the energy, the vibration of the atmosphere above the Earth's canopy.
It wasn't blue like it is right now; it was like our sunsets where you see pinks and oranges and all kinds of things.
That's the way the canopy looked.
It had a life to it; it was almost like a fog, but it wasn't a fog.
It was like thick water.
I don't know how else to say this, folks; it looked like water above the atmosphere.
It was all beautiful.
It was thick-looking, almost like a transparent, translucent atmosphere.
It was like a slime, but I don't know how to say it because there was no structure to it; it wasn't a solid, but it was thick, like moisture.
There is no way to describe it with words.
You could see the stars through it.
I could see lights through it, and you could see pinks and purples.
It was beautiful.
It was like the sun was shining off of it, making it alive and moving.
Then I could see the birds, and these were birds that are not here anymore.
There were different kinds of birds with massive wingspans flying around in the atmosphere in the garden.
It was beautiful.
The water that the dinosaur was drinking was clear and crystal, and there was no pollution.
Then he takes me to another span of time.
He said, "I'm going to show you the key mile markers in the timeframe of humanity.
" Then he showed me Noah building the ark.
I noticed his nose.
There was a man with a massive white beard, but his nose was ginormous.
It sounds weird, but his nose was huge.
He had gray hair, and he looked like he had a hat on, like in Lord of the Rings.
The people around him were all dark-looking and evil.
Their countenances were dirty, like real dirt or grease.
There were people behind him, and the Lord showed me this one man very clearly, with a big nose and body features.
I could see the ark, and it was in a garden-type scenario; everything around it was really big, green, and beautiful.
I didn't see a lot of things that looked bad.
I know Eve had eaten the fruit by then, but the earth didn't look deteriorated from what I could see.
Then he takes me to another part of time, and I see the pyramids and the Sphinx being built.
They were using wood, ramps, pulleys, and all kinds of things to build these monuments.
I didn't see any giants; I saw men working, like the Egyptians.
Then he takes me to another timeframe, and I see the Roman Colosseum and the great Pantheon being built.
I could see it being built like Legos, moving in front of my face.
I could see Caesar Augustus, the Roman emperor, with a white robe and a laurel wreath on his head, watching over things.
The history of the Roman emperors was being fast-forwarded in front of me.
Then the Lord allowed me to see the Great Wall of China being built, stretching out over Asia.
I saw wars happening, thousands of years of time passing in seconds.
I could slow it down in the spirit realm, taking glimpses like photos.
The Lord showed me Asian men riding horseback, fighting wars with swords, bows, arrows, and spears.
They looked like samurai warriors.
Then the Lord showed me Christopher Columbus sailing across the ocean to discover America.
I could see him on the ship; he had long hair.
Then he showed me World War I and World War II, and the acceleration of war.
The birthing pains started in the early 1900s, and knowledge has increased with flight, jets, cars, electricity, and telecommunications, just as promised in the Bible.
Then he stopped and said, "This is where you are right now.
Adam's lease is up.
Satan knows when Adam's lease is up.
Son, it will happen on Rosh Hashanah.
That's when the lease will be up.
" And I saw Satan moving like a snake throughout the earth.
He went to talk to the pope and was communicating to key figures in the earth and Europe, which I don't understand.
Like I said in this last video, I don't understand why he wasn't trying to communicate to people in America, but he was in Europe and in the Middle East talking to the key figures.
And I've told you who I believe the Antichrist is: MBS.
It's just who I believe I've seen as MBS.
So, all that to say this, the Lord said, "Brandon, the devil was saying, 'You've got to give me my time now.
Adam's lease is over, and you've got to give me my time to do my seven years of tribulation.
'" And he was petitioning.
And I heard the Lord say, "I have never been defeated.
I will not be defeated now.
I can control time.
" And he was telling Satan basically to go take a hike.
"I'm controlling time.
A day is a thousand years unto me.
" And he said, "And I can take a sliver of this time right here.
" And it was just like a little fraction, like a hair.
You pull a hair out—well, not on my head—but you pull a hair out and you would be able to stretch it out.
And that's how much of a sliver of time we had left to get a revival done.
It was like the thickness of a hair—that thin.
But he said, "That's all I need, Brandon.
That's all I need.
" He said, "A great revival can happen in that sliver of a time.
And we will have a great massive harvest of souls, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
" Well, I told you the angel armies were coming out of heaven to help us.
But this is where it was: He no longer had to move in this time frame.
When this happens, he no longer has to move through Adam's lease.
Adam gave the earth to the son of man, but Adam committed high treason, messed up, and gave it to the devil.
Then Jesus took it back, but it was still a lease—a covenant, I guess is what I want to call it, with man—that he would be able to reign for 6,000 years.
When that time frame is over, we go into the thousand-year reign with Jesus Christ.
So God had made that with man.
And when that time frame is up, there will be a glory because the Lord said to me, "Brandon, people only see two sides of me and I'm multifaceted.
They see the grace and they see the judgment, but I'm much more than that.
" There was a deepness to the Lord that people don't understand.
And he said, "Brandon, I'm going to do so much in that little sliver of time, the outpouring there's going to be—whether that is a year, two years, or three years, I don't know.
" All I know is the glorious outpouring, the glorious church that he moves through unhindered by Adam's lease, will be something to be seen.
We've never seen it before because all we've known is Adam's lease for 6,000 years.
But we're going to see a side of God that we've never seen before.
The great wells of revival, the great healing ministries that we saw in the early 1900s with Jack Coe, A.
A.
Allen, Smith Wigglesworth, William Branham, all the greats, Kathryn Kuhlman, all of them.
We've only touched the very top surface, but we're about to see one of the greatest moves of God this planet has ever seen in a matter of just that much time.
It's going to be a quick work.
But Jesus is about to show us who he really is in this earth and in his body.
And all the seeds that we've sowed in the past, I'm telling you, will come to harvest at last.
We're going to see a great transfer of wealth from the sinner laid up for the righteous.
And we're going to see a great harvest of souls and great healings and demonstrations manifest.
God's going to show himself real to the Jews and to his church.
And I'm telling you, your unsaved loved ones are coming home.
Your unsaved loved ones are coming to Jesus Christ.
It's time.
They will, if you petition and pray for them—I'm telling you—they will come to the saving knowledge of Jesus Christ.
There will be a move of God, and it will be such that people are just going to have to flatly put their head in the sand if they don't want to see what's about to happen.
Yes, there's darkness and yes, there's wars and rumors of wars, but the body of Christ is going to move as an army and you're going to see it.
I believe with all my heart and we're right there.
Whether it happens today and we're stepping over into it or we start to see it—he shows me when you're looking in the spirit it looks like it's right on top of you, like it's going to happen tomorrow.
But there's a depth perception when you're looking in the spirit, and so sometimes that could be a five-year window, a two-day thing, or whatever.
I don't try to put a time frame on the Holy Spirit in visions anymore because it gets you in trouble.
Like I said, you're looking in the spirit and it looks like it's right there, but there's depth perception.
So, I'm learning, and it's a part of growing on my part, knowing that what seems imminent on your time could be a year from now or it could be right now.
It's something we have to pray about.
Just pray with me.
But all I know is the Lord keeps talking to me and telling me he's coming, and he wants me to come on here and tell you all.
He said, "Brandon, this will be fun.
This is going to be fun.
" So, Father, I just thank you for every single person that is represented here today.
We're believing for miracles.
We're believing for the impossible.
We're believing, Father, that this is the time of the great harvest.
We call in healings and people being whole and healed and well in their bodies.
Father, I thank you that you're the great physician, that every person who has a need is met.
And that, Father, you heal every single person that is represented here today from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
We speak to the bodies and we call them healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Delivered from satanic bondage, from depression, anxiety, fear, worry, and torment of all kinds, including mental torment.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that they're healed and whole and well from PTSD to Alzheimer's to dementia to autism to all of it.
I mean, Lord, there's so many needs, there's so many things, but I know, Lord, that you took it all for us.
And we thank you, Father, that no cancers, no diabetes, no heart disease, no strokes, no birthing problems, colon cancers, colon problems, or constipation issues—it all stems from the curse.
But Galatians says that Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
And I believe, Father, that they're healed by your stripes.
And we call them healed and whole and well right now in the name of Jesus.
And I believe with you that today, not tomorrow, not the next day—like my little girl says—but today Megan is healed.
Today, your child is healed.
Today, your manifestation and demonstration is happening.
I believe that for you now.
Satan, I tell you to get your hands off of God's stuff.
I call forth finances in the name of Jesus.
For every person who's believing for finances, I call their harvest in from the north, the south, the east, the west—some 30, some 60, and 100-fold depending on the ground you've sowed into.
Now, Father, I thank you, Lord, for supernatural ideas to get wealth.
I thank you, Father, that you said in your word that you would supply all their needs according to your riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, that they're the head and not the tail, above and not beneath.
They'll go through and they'll not go under.
This is a time of great acceleration of finances.
I thank you, Lord, for blessing, increase, multiplication, and favor—whatever they need.
Father, I thank you that you provide for it right now.
I thank you, and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it.
We thank you, Lord.
We are expecting the manifestation to come.
We're expecting it, and we give you praise, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that you're bringing it to pass—a harvest at last.
Amen and amen.
Well, if this video blessed you today, I know it was something different.
I tried not to have everything always be serious, but I wanted to tell you more about what the Lord showed me.
I was excited about it and wanted to give you more detail.
I didn't tell you everything he told my family and me, but I told you what I could.
So, I hope it blessed you all.
If you could like this video, it helps us with the algorithm, y'all.
It blesses us and spreads the gospel throughout the whole world.
Literally, Jesus is being extolled; I'm telling everybody as much as I can about Jesus coming, and so this is how you do it on YouTube.
This is their platform, so we appreciate it.
Clicking, liking, and sharing it with your friends and family, and telling them about us, blesses us.
We always want to close a broadcast out, and I just want to tell you all thank you.
God bless you all.
You've been a real blessing to my family, and we just want to say thank you for your love, your support, and your kindness to us.
Comment down below something nice.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
We will see you all again next time.
God bless you all and have a wonderful day today.
Bye-bye.